Hello~
My feet hurt...
The shoes are really tight because my feet are swollen...
It's alright
I can do well!
Lip~ fight on!
(KIm Lip withstanding her feet and doing her best to the very end!)
(Having to dance all day for the MV that is dance-focused...)
(The "Eclipse" MV shoot is finally complete!!)
Thank you for your work~
Thank you!
We're done!!
(How was it?)
So many people have put in the effort for this one MV...
And I was so touched seeing everyone work so hard
to help me look this beautiful...!
This is a quite different concept from the usual LOOΠΔ
When my album is released
Please listen to it a lot and show us your encouragement!
Bye~
Show it lots of love~!!